# Finding-Movie-Similarity-from-Plot-Summaries

In the Movie Similarity project, we will quantify the similarity of movies based on their plot summaries available on IMDb and Wikipedia, then separate them into groups, also known as clusters. We will employ tokenization, stemming and a TF_IDF vectorizer to determine which movies are most similar to each other.  We'll create a dendrogram to depict how closely the movies are related to each other.

In the extracting stock sentiment headlines project, we will generate investing insight by applying sentiment analysis on financial news headlines from FINVIZ.com. Using this natural language processing technique, we can understand the emotion behind the headlines and predict whether the market feels good or bad about a stock.

The main text analysis method that was used for the Hottest Topics in Machine Learning project is latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA). LDA is able to perform topic detection on large document sets, determining what the main 'topics' are in a large unlabeled set of texts. A 'topic' is a collection of words that tend to co-occur often. The hypothesis is that LDA might be able to clarify what the different topics in the research titles are. LDA does not work directly on text data. First, it is necessary to convert the documents into a simple vector representation. This representation will then be used by LDA to determine the topics. Each entry of a 'document vector' will correspond with the number of times a word occurred in the document. In conclusion, we will convert a list of titles into a list of vectors, all with length equal to the vocabulary.
